get out go to your lover he's waiting
you're no good you're rotten
I'm only half the size and I wouldn't
take it my own hands like this
oh hey struggle but no mercy
we're hard if someone suffers because of
us that's just too bad that's the way
life is
the woman I married she don't take me on
a wait-and-see basis you know I don't
understand I got as much right to make
you leave my wife isn't man you go with
me or I'll smash your face with the
first thing I can lay my hands on hey
don't you know I love you can't you tell
it excuse me while I shake this dump
upside down it's kind of exciting and
attractive who's attractive who's
excited oh who are you struggling me
who's exciting who's attractive you
that's better
what are you animals
Mazzilli keep me caged ASEC keeping the
fight they don't let him hurt people
you